# How-To-Get-American-Express-Black-ATM-Card
The Amex Centurion "black" card makes other premium credit cards look downright affordable. It has an initiation fee of $7,500 and an annual fee of $5,000. It's also invite-only; you can't apply without permission from Amex. The card offers some incredible benefits, like complimentary elite status across four hotel chains and with Delta, airport arrival services, and access to a concierge. While some of these perks are exclusive to the Amex black card, you can enjoy many of them with  The Platinum Card® from American Express and The Business Platinum Card® from American Express . The Amex Platinum, with a $695 annual fee (See Rates), doesn't offer the same level of fancy benefits, but it's a great option for earning travel rewards and enjoying some luxury perks, including statement credits with Uber and Saks. See Business Insider's list of the best rewards credit cards you can get » Also known as the Centurion card, the American Express "black" card is so prestigious that you have to be invited to use it. You can't just apply for it and expect to get approved; you have to receive a private invitation from American Express.  While the requirements for getting an invite for the black card aren't officially published, rumor has it that you have to be a high earner who has spent and paid off between $350,000 and $500,000 across all of your American Express accounts in a calendar year.  And once you're approved for the card, there's a $7,500 initiation fee, and a $5,000 annual fee. It makes premium credit cards like the Platinum Card ($695 annual fee) and the Amex Business Platinum Card ($595 (See Rates)) look downright affordable.   We're focused here on the rewards and perks that come with each card. These cards won't be worth it if you're paying interest or late fees. When using a credit card, it's important to pay your balance in full each month, make payments on time, and only spend what you can afford to pay. webmaster6099@gmail.com
